From Rplot, we see that casual riders ride their bike the most on Saturday and Sunday. This could due to casual riders only having time on the weekends and not riding a bike when they commute to and from work. 

From this observation, we should focus on if these riders are tourists and give out weekend deals for casual riders to provide incentive to becoming members.

From Rplot1, we see that casual riders distance traveled is on the same level as our annual members. However, we see that casual riders peak distance traveled happen between the months on late March through August. This tells us that casual riders will mostly ride when the weather is nice. So we should look more into the weather during those months and possibly run seasonal specials based on the data. 

From Rplot2, we see that despite traveling the same distance per month casual riders seem to spend more time on the bike. This could mean they are taking more breaks or are traveling further distances. This could also be  sign of tourism as there are many sights to see and a bike is a perfect way to get around in Chicago. With this, we can dive more into the data to see if we can provide tourist with bike passes for their duration of stay for a fixed price. 

Lastly, from Rplot3 we see that casual members are taking electric bikes and classic bikes. They are also docking bikes, which might mean they are stopping more than annual users and could be a sign of tourism as docking places to travel from one location to another. 

Final Thoughts:

Casual riders mostly use bikeson weekends for lesuire and tourism
They also use both electric and classic bikes. Classic bikes slightly out-weigh the electric bikes. 
While the annual members primarily use classic bikes to commute for work purposes during the entire week. 
I would share this info with the marketing team and ask them to share on their media pages promoting  bike passes for warmer seasons and also weekend passses for casual riders to possibly become members. 
